README.md, before:

# Modern Angular Template

This repository serves as a template for creating a new modern Angular project. Follow the instructions below to set up your project.

- Zoneless
- Material 3 (components color variants and sizes) and Tailwind integrations
- Bun package manager
- Eslint (flat config) & Prettier

## Setup Instructions

1. **Create a new repository using this template:**

   - Click the "Use this template" button.
   - Follow the prompts to create a new repository based on this template.

   ![Screenshot 2024-07-30 at 23 58 49](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17bff38b-6c27-47f1-8294-69617c01c836)

2. **Clone the newly created repository:**

   Open your terminal and run the following command, replacing `your-username` and `your-new-repo` with your GitHub username and the name of your newly created repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-new-repo.git
   cd your-new-repo
   ```

3. **Run the setup script:**

   Make sure you have Node.js installed on your system. Run the setup script to customize your project:

   ```sh
   node setup.js
   ```

4. **Follow the prompts:**

   The setup script will prompt you to enter your project name. This will replace the placeholders in the package.json and angular.json files with your project name.

5. **Install dependencies:**

   ```sh
   bun install
   ```

6. **Start the development server:**

   ```sh
   ng serve
   ```

Commit message:

add: validation to setup.js and update readme

README.md, after:

# Modern Angular Template

This repository serves as a template for creating a new modern Angular project. Follow the instructions below to set up your project.

- Zoneless
- Material 3 (components color variants and sizes) and Tailwind integrations
- Bun package manager
- Eslint (flat config) & Prettier

## Setup Instructions

1. **Create a new repository using this template:**

   - Click the "Use this template" button.
   - Follow the prompts to create a new repository based on this template.

   ![Screenshot 2024-07-30 at 23 58 49](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17bff38b-6c27-47f1-8294-69617c01c836)

2. **Clone the newly created repository:**

   Open your terminal and run the following command, replacing `your-username` and `your-new-repo` with your GitHub username and the name of your newly created repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-new-repo.git
   cd your-new-repo
   ```

3. **Run the setup script:**

   Make sure you have Node.js installed on your system. Run the setup script to customize your project:

   ```sh
   node setup.js
   ```

   You will be prompted to enter your project name. Ensure that you provide a non-empty name:

   ```sh
   Enter your project name: my-angular-app
   ```

4. **Install dependencies:**

   ```sh
   bun install
   ```

5. **Start the development server:**

   ```sh
   ng serve
   ```

## Contributing

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.
